Code with GitHub Copilot

GitHub Copilot can help you code by offering autocomplete-style suggestions right in VS Code and Codespaces.

Welcome

GitHub Copilot can help you code by offering autocomplete-style suggestions. You can learn how GitHub Copilot works, and what to consider while using GitHub Copilot. GitHub Copilot analyzes the context in the file you are editing, as well as related files, and offers suggestions from within your text editor. GitHub Copilot is powered by OpenAI Codex, a new AI system created by OpenAI.

Who this is for: Developers, DevOps Engineers, Software development managers, Testers.
What you'll learn: How to install Copilot into a Codespace, accept suggestions from code, accept suggestions from comments.
What you'll build: Javascript files that will have code generated by Copilot AI for code and comment suggestions.
Prerequisites: To use GitHub Copilot you must have an active GitHub Copilot subscription. Sign up for 30 days free Copilot.
Timing: This course can be completed in under an hour.
How to start this course

Scroll to the top of the page and click the down arrow next to the Fork button. Then click 'Create a new fork' to fork this repository.
Right-click Start course and open the link in a new tab.
start-course

In the new tab, most of the prompts will automatically fill in for you.
For owner, choose your personal account or an organization to host the repository.
We recommend creating a public repository, as private repositories will use Actions minutes.
Scroll down and click the Create repository button at the bottom of the form.
After your new repository is created, wait about 20 seconds, then refresh the page. Follow the step-by-step instructions in the new repository's README.
Get help: Post in our discussion board • Review the GitHub status page

© 2023 GitHub • Code of Conduct • MIT License
